Voiceover on Safari Address various text
inputs Heading level 1.
Enter your personal information form
Start logo Other Tyre T- mobile.
com E-mail T- mobile.
com E-mail requiredname@email.
com Text field required.
Phone number Phone number required.
Text field required.
Format 555-123-4567 Double tap to edit.
Use the format Username Username required.
John Smith text field required.
Double tap to edit.
Use the rotor to access misspelled words.
Password 8 characters minimum.
Password 8 characters minimum required.
Secure text field required double tap to
edit.
Use the rotor to access misspelled words.
Show password,
checkbox comments and feedback form.
Start logo, other tyre tool.
Let us know what you think.
Your comment type feedback here...
Multi line text field form and back to
top of page in Page link voiceover off.